Fixed a few things in the UUIDv2 article (#464)
unicorn-utterances/unicorn-utterances: content/blog/what-happened-to-uuid-v2/index.md

After this, [I left a very short (one or two sentences) explanation of what a UUIDv2 is](/posts/what-are-uuids#UUIDv2).

> Why am I dedicating another article to UUIDv2? What makes it different or "weird?

Reviewer: I'm not sure I like this edit. It changes the tone a bit too much for my liking:

```suggestion
Why would I do that [when UUIDv3 and UUIDv5 got four whole headers worth of explanation](/posts/what-are-uuids#UUIDv3and5)? What makes UUIDv2 different or "weird," as I put it?
```

Author: It was originally a suggestion since that sentence is very heavy, so you may reformulate it

The answer is that while UUID _is_ a form of UUID by some definitions, it effectively is not in others.

> What?!

> I know... It's a bit jarring. But, even within the definitions we have, UUIDv2 is deeply flawed, enough so that most are comfortable leaving it in the past.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I know... It's a bit jarring. What's worse, even within the definitions of UUIv2 we have, it is deeply flawed, enough so that most are comfortable leaving it in the past.
```

We can't start a sentence with "but"

Author: There's no rule against it, as long as you convey things correctly
